# CS-255
Systems Analysis and Design

* This course focused on the DriverPass project. DriverPass wanted to take advantage of a gap in the market, by providing practice assignments, tests, and driving lessons to students studying for their drivers exam. They were looking to create a website that hosted the tests and assignments, as well as allowed users to book driving appointments. The tests and assignments were graded and provided feedback, as well as complied with current DMV rules and regulations.
* I felt that I created a well rounded business requirements document for project one. The document covered the backround of the DriverPass product, requirements, limitations and more. I thought that I had as comprehensive of a breakdown as I could for my position on the project and am proud of my work.
* I think that my diagrams could use a little bit more work. There are a few processes and branches that I would like to add to a few of them, for example the class diagram, and the gantt chart. I think they explained what they needed to but additional detail is always welcome.
* Interpreting user needs is essential when bringing their idea to life. Being able to collect requirements and features from someone who may not have a technical understanding may be difficult, since they may not be able to explain exactly what they want and how they want it to work. Having good communication skills and clarifying ideas helps smooth over anything that may have been lost in translation. In the end, you are making the product for them, so interpreting their designs is what you need to do as a service provider, and the number one customer service priority.
* Designing software has many steps to building and maintaining it. Depending on the size of the team it is helpful to breakdown the system into bite sized peices to work on. It creates a checklist of things to work on and test that is much more manageable than just typing away. Another strategy that would be helpful to deploy is collaboration. Working as a team, or even asking friends or previous colleagues for advice on your systems and implementaion is always a great help. Whether you're stuck or looking for ideas bringing in others provides an outside perspective that can provide many an insight.
